the book of Nahum
the burden against Nineveh the book of
the vision of Nahum the al kasha god is
jealous and the Lord avenges the Lord
avenges and is furious the Lord will
take vengeance on his adversaries and he
reserves wrath for his enemies the Lord
is slow to anger and great in power and
will not at all acquit the wicked the
Lord has his way in the whirlwind and in
the storm and the clouds are the dust of
his feet he rebukes the sea and makes it
dry and dries up all the rivers Batian
and Carmel wither and the flower of
Lebanon wilts the mountains quake before
him the hills melt and the earth heaves
at his presence yes the world and all
who dwell in it who can stand before his
indignation and who can endure the
fierceness of his anger his fury is
poured out like fire and the rocks are
thrown down by him the Lord is good a
stronghold in the day of trouble and he
knows those who trust in him but with an
overflowing flood he will make an utter
end of its place and darkness will
pursue his enemies what do you conspire
against the Lord he will make an utter
end of it affliction will not rise up a
second time for a while tangled like
thorns and while drunken like drunkards
they shall be devoured like stubble
fully dried from you comes forth one who
plots evil against the Lord
a wicked counselor thus says the Lord
though they are safe and likewise many
yet in this manner they will be cut down
when he passes through though I have
afflicted you I will afflict you no more
for now I will break off his yoke from
you
and burst your bonds apart the Lord has
given a command concerning you your name
shall be perpetuated no longer out of
the house of your gods I will cut off
the carved image and the molded image I
will dig your grave for you on vine
[Music]
behold on the mountains the feet of him
who brings good tidings who proclaims
peace o Judah keep your appointed feasts
perform your vows for the wicked one
shall no more pass through you he is
utterly cut off
[Music]